Outlook activity datastream for o365 package (#11937)
elastic/integrations: packages/o365_metrics/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# Microsoft Office 365 Metrics Integration

> This integration is to collect metrics for [Microsoft Office 365](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview).

Reviewer: Maybe use a more descriptive introduction here.

```suggestion
This integration collects key metrics from [Microsoft Office 365](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview) using the Graph API, providing insights into usage patterns and performance.
```
